README.md, before:

# JamWatHQ - Release Version
**Domain**: jamwathq.com
**Version**: 1.0.0
**Release Date**: October 24, 2025

---

## 📁 What's Included

This **Release Version** folder contains ONLY the essential files needed for deploying JamWatHQ to production. All development files, backups, and unnecessary documentation have been excluded.

### Folder Structure:
```
Release Version/
├── frontend/              # Static website files (GitHub Pages)
│   ├── index.html        # Homepage
│   ├── about.html        # About page
│   ├── agencies.html     # Agencies listing
│   ├── faq.html          # FAQ page
│   ├── guide.html        # User guide
│   ├── news.html         # News page
│   ├── share-experience.html  # Share experience form
│   ├── tos.html          # Terms of Service
│   ├── scripts/          # JavaScript files
│   ├── styles/           # CSS files
│   └── assets/           # Images, fonts, etc.
├── backend/              # Node.js backend (deploy separately)
│   ├── config/           # Database & passport config
│   ├── middleware/       # Auth & security middleware
│   ├── models/           # MongoDB models
│   ├── routes/           # API routes
│   ├── server.js         # Main server file
│   ├── .env.example      # Environment template
│   └── package.json      # Dependencies
├── docs/                 # Essential documentation
│   ├── README_SECURITY.md
│   ├── DEPLOYMENT_GITHUB_PAGES.md
│   ├── HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md
│   ├── DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md
│   └── SECURITY_FIXES_QUICK_REFERENCE.md
├── CNAME                 # Custom domain for GitHub Pages
├── .gitignore            # Git ignore rules
└── README.md             # This file
```

---

## 🚀 Quick Start Deployment

### Option 1: Deploy Frontend Only (GitHub Pages)
Perfect for launching the website without backend features (reviews disabled).

1. Create new GitHub repository
2. Copy `frontend/` contents to repository root
3. Copy `CNAME` and `.gitignore` to repository root
4. Push to GitHub
5. Enable GitHub Pages in repository settings
6. Configure Hostinger DNS (see docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md)

**Time**: 15-30 minutes
**Cost**: FREE

---

### Option 2: Full Deployment (Frontend + Backend)
Deploy complete system with backend features enabled.

1. Deploy frontend to GitHub Pages (see Option 1)
2. Deploy backend to Railway/Render/Heroku
3. Update frontend API URLs
4. Configure environment variables
5. Test authentication and database features

**Time**: 1-2 hours
**Cost**: $0-15/month

---

## 📖 Documentation Guide

### Start Here:
- **`docs/DEPLOYMENT_GITHUB_PAGES.md`** - Complete step-by-step deployment guide
- **`docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md`** - DNS configuration for jamwathq.com
- **`docs/DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md`** - Comprehensive deployment checklist

### Security:
- **`docs/README_SECURITY.md`** - Security overview and status
- **`docs/SECURITY_FIXES_QUICK_REFERENCE.md`** - Security quick reference

---

## ⚠️ BEFORE DEPLOYMENT - Critical Actions

### 1. Remove .env from Git History (If Previously Committed)
```bash
# Install BFG Repo-Cleaner
# Download from: https://rtyley.github.io/bfg-repo-cleaner/

# Remove .env from history
bfg --delete-files .env
git reflog expire --expire=now --all
git gc --prune=now --aggressive
```

### 2. Rotate OAuth Credentials
The Google OAuth credentials were exposed in Git history and MUST be rotated:

1. Go to: https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials
2. Delete old Client ID: `62216890951-7cennm93lkval2mh6h7s80d9toqqm05g`
3. Create new OAuth 2.0 Client ID
4. Update redirect URIs:
   - `https://jamwathq.com/auth/google/callback`
   - `https://www.jamwathq.com/auth/google/callback`
5. Save new credentials to `backend/.env`

### 3. Update Environment Variables
Copy `backend/.env.example` to `backend/.env` and update:

```bash
NODE_ENV=production
BASE_URL=https://jamwathq.com
CLIENT_URL=https://jamwathq.com,https://www.jamwathq.com
ALLOW_INSECURE_HTTP=false

# Use the secure SESSION_SECRET already generated
SESSION_SECRET=fc5b7b7bc102cc35d9817c4bbc03b83320e24a9f9e4195178315d29cea0f83734c67bea0154f2fca0253e63bad883ec6a56d66d566dfa78bcf34cfe59db3f407

# Add new OAuth credentials
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your-new-google-client-id
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your-new-google-client-secret
```

---

## 🔐 Security Status

✅ **CRITICAL Issues Fixed**:
- Secure SESSION_SECRET generated
- .gitignore prevents .env commits
- Hardcoded URLs removed
- Session security enhanced
- CORS properly configured

⚠️ **Required Actions**:
- Remove .env from Git history
- Rotate OAuth credentials
- Update OAuth redirect URIs

📊 **Security Score**: 8.5/10 (Production Ready)

---

## 🌐 Deployment Steps Summary

### GitHub Pages (Frontend)

1. **Create Repository**
   ```bash
   # On GitHub.com:
   # - Create new repository named "jamwathq"
   # - Make it public
   # - Don't initialize with README
   ```

2. **Initialize Git** (in Release Version folder)
   ```bash
   cd "Release Version"
   git init
   git add .
   git commit -m "Initial release v1.0.0"
   ```

3. **Push to GitHub**
   ```bash
   git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/jamwathq.git
   git branch -M main
   git push -u origin main
   ```

4. **Enable GitHub Pages**
   - Go to repository Settings → Pages
   - Source: main branch, / (root)
   - Save

5. **Configure DNS** (see docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md)
   - Add 4 A records to Hostinger
   - Add CNAME for www subdomain
   - Wait for DNS propagation (1-24 hours)

6. **Enable HTTPS**
   - GitHub Settings → Pages → Custom Domain
   - Enter: jamwathq.com
   - Enable "Enforce HTTPS"

---

### Backend Deployment (Optional)

1. **Choose Provider**:
   - Railway: https://railway.app/ (Recommended)
   - Render: https://render.com/
   - Heroku: https://heroku.com/

2. **Deploy**:
   - Connect GitHub repository
   - Set root directory to `/backend`
   - Add environment variables from `.env.production.example`
   - Deploy!

3. **Update Frontend**:
   - Update API URLs in frontend JavaScript files
   - Commit and push changes

---

## 📝 What's NOT Included

This Release Version excludes:
- ❌ Development backups
- ❌ Test files
- ❌ Historical markdown documentation
- ❌ Old implementation files
- ❌ Development scripts
- ❌ Database migration files
- ❌ `.env` file (you must create this)

**Why?** To keep the release clean, secure, and deployment-ready.

---

## 🧪 Testing Checklist

After deployment, verify:

### Website Access:
- [ ] https://jamwathq.com loads
- [ ] https://www.jamwathq.com loads
- [ ] HTTPS enforced (green padlock)
- [ ] All pages accessible

### Functionality:
- [ ] Navigation works across all pages
- [ ] "Under Development" popups display correctly
- [ ] Login button visible on all pages
- [ ] Mobile responsive design works

### Security:
- [ ] Security headers present (check DevTools)
- [ ] .env NOT in Git repository
- [ ] OAuth credentials rotated
- [ ] Session cookies properly configured

---

## 📊 File Count

| Category | Count | Size |
|----------|-------|------|
| HTML Pages | 8 | ~2.3 MB |
| JavaScript Files | 15+ | ~500 KB |
| CSS Files | 10+ | ~200 KB |
| Backend Files | 20+ | ~50 KB |
| Documentation | 5 | ~100 KB |
| **Total** | **~58 files** | **~3.2 MB** |

---

## 🆘 Need Help?

### Documentation:
1. `docs/DEPLOYMENT_GITHUB_PAGES.md` - Full deployment guide
2. `docs/DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md` - Step-by-step checklist
3. `docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md` - DNS configuration

### External Resources:
- GitHub Pages: https://docs.github.com/en/pages
- Hostinger Support: https://support.hostinger.com
- Railway Docs: https://docs.railway.app/

### Common Issues:
- **"404 Not Found"**: Wait for DNS propagation (up to 24 hours)
- **"Your connection is not private"**: Enable "Enforce HTTPS" in GitHub Pages settings
- **OAuth redirects fail**: Update redirect URIs in Google/Facebook consoles

---

## 🎯 Success Criteria

Your deployment is successful when:

✅ Website accessible at https://jamwathq.com
✅ HTTPS enforced with valid certificate
✅ All pages load without errors
✅ "Under Development" popups work
✅ Mobile responsive
✅ Security headers present
✅ No .env in Git history

---

## 📞 Production Deployment Support

### Pre-Deployment:
- Review `docs/DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md`
- Follow security actions above
- Test locally before deploying

### During Deployment:
- Follow `docs/DEPLOYMENT_GITHUB_PAGES.md` step-by-step
- Use `docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md` for DNS
- Monitor deployment logs

### Post-Deployment:
- Test all functionality
- Monitor error logs
- Set up uptime monitoring (uptimerobot.com)

---

## 🔄 Version History

| Version | Date | Changes |
|---------|------|---------|
| 1.0.0 | Oct 24, 2025 | Initial production release |

---

## 📄 License

Copyright © 2025 JamWatHQ. All rights reserved.

---

**Ready for deployment! 🚀**

Follow the guides in `docs/` folder for step-by-step instructions.

Commit message:

Update: Clarify folder structure in README
- Updated folder structure diagram to show HTML files in root
- Added important warning about file locations
- Clarified deployment steps for GitHub Pages
- Removed references to frontend/ subfolder

README.md, after:

# JamWatHQ - Release Version
**Domain**: jamwathq.com
**Version**: 1.0.0
**Release Date**: October 24, 2025

---

## 📁 What's Included

This **Release Version** folder contains ONLY the essential files needed for deploying JamWatHQ to production. All development files, backups, and unnecessary documentation have been excluded.

### Folder Structure:
```
Release Version/
├── index.html            # Homepage (MUST be in root!)
├── about.html            # About page
├── agencies.html         # Agencies listing
├── faq.html              # FAQ page
├── guide.html            # User guide
├── news.html             # News page
├── share-experience.html # Share experience form
├── tos.html              # Terms of Service
├── scripts/              # JavaScript files
├── styles/               # CSS files
├── assets/               # Images, fonts, etc.
├── backend/              # Node.js backend (deploy separately)
│   ├── config/           # Database & passport config
│   ├── middleware/       # Auth & security middleware
│   ├── models/           # MongoDB models
│   ├── routes/           # API routes
│   ├── server.js         # Main server file
│   ├── .env.example      # Environment template
│   └── package.json      # Dependencies
├── docs/                 # Essential documentation
│   ├── README_SECURITY.md
│   ├── DEPLOYMENT_GITHUB_PAGES.md
│   ├── HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md
│   ├── DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md
│   └── SECURITY_FIXES_QUICK_REFERENCE.md
├── CNAME                 # Custom domain for GitHub Pages
├── .gitignore            # Git ignore rules
├── GITHUB_SETUP_GUIDE.md # Step-by-step GitHub setup
└── README.md             # This file
```

**⚠️ IMPORTANT**: HTML files MUST be in the root directory for GitHub Pages to work!
- ✅ Correct: `index.html` in root
- ❌ Wrong: `frontend/index.html` in subfolder

---

## 🚀 Quick Start Deployment

### Option 1: Deploy Frontend Only (GitHub Pages)
Perfect for launching the website without backend features (reviews disabled).

1. Create new GitHub repository
2. Initialize Git in Release Version folder (HTML files already in root!)
3. Push to GitHub
4. Enable GitHub Pages in repository settings
5. Configure Hostinger DNS (see docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md)

**Time**: 15-30 minutes
**Cost**: FREE

**Important**: This Release Version folder is already configured correctly with HTML files in the root directory. Just initialize Git and push!

---

### Option 2: Full Deployment (Frontend + Backend)
Deploy complete system with backend features enabled.

1. Deploy frontend to GitHub Pages (see Option 1)
2. Deploy backend to Railway/Render/Heroku
3. Update frontend API URLs
4. Configure environment variables
5. Test authentication and database features

**Time**: 1-2 hours
**Cost**: $0-15/month

---

## 📖 Documentation Guide

### Start Here:
- **`docs/DEPLOYMENT_GITHUB_PAGES.md`** - Complete step-by-step deployment guide
- **`docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md`** - DNS configuration for jamwathq.com
- **`docs/DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md`** - Comprehensive deployment checklist

### Security:
- **`docs/README_SECURITY.md`** - Security overview and status
- **`docs/SECURITY_FIXES_QUICK_REFERENCE.md`** - Security quick reference

---

## ⚠️ BEFORE DEPLOYMENT - Critical Actions

### 1. Remove .env from Git History (If Previously Committed)
```bash
# Install BFG Repo-Cleaner
# Download from: https://rtyley.github.io/bfg-repo-cleaner/

# Remove .env from history
bfg --delete-files .env
git reflog expire --expire=now --all
git gc --prune=now --aggressive
```

### 2. Rotate OAuth Credentials
The Google OAuth credentials were exposed in Git history and MUST be rotated:

1. Go to: https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials
2. Delete old Client ID: `62216890951-7cennm93lkval2mh6h7s80d9toqqm05g`
3. Create new OAuth 2.0 Client ID
4. Update redirect URIs:
   - `https://jamwathq.com/auth/google/callback`
   - `https://www.jamwathq.com/auth/google/callback`
5. Save new credentials to `backend/.env`

### 3. Update Environment Variables
Copy `backend/.env.example` to `backend/.env` and update:

```bash
NODE_ENV=production
BASE_URL=https://jamwathq.com
CLIENT_URL=https://jamwathq.com,https://www.jamwathq.com
ALLOW_INSECURE_HTTP=false

# Use the secure SESSION_SECRET already generated
SESSION_SECRET=fc5b7b7bc102cc35d9817c4bbc03b83320e24a9f9e4195178315d29cea0f83734c67bea0154f2fca0253e63bad883ec6a56d66d566dfa78bcf34cfe59db3f407

# Add new OAuth credentials
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your-new-google-client-id
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your-new-google-client-secret
```

---

## 🔐 Security Status

✅ **CRITICAL Issues Fixed**:
- Secure SESSION_SECRET generated
- .gitignore prevents .env commits
- Hardcoded URLs removed
- Session security enhanced
- CORS properly configured

⚠️ **Required Actions**:
- Remove .env from Git history
- Rotate OAuth credentials
- Update OAuth redirect URIs

📊 **Security Score**: 8.5/10 (Production Ready)

---

## 🌐 Deployment Steps Summary

### GitHub Pages (Frontend)

1. **Create Repository**
   ```bash
   # On GitHub.com:
   # - Create new repository named "jamwathq"
   # - Make it public
   # - Don't initialize with README
   ```

2. **Initialize Git** (in Release Version folder)
   ```bash
   cd "Release Version"
   git init
   git add .
   git commit -m "Initial release v1.0.0"
   ```

3. **Push to GitHub**
   ```bash
   git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/jamwathq.git
   git branch -M main
   git push -u origin main
   ```

4. **Enable GitHub Pages**
   - Go to repository Settings → Pages
   - Source: main branch, / (root)
   - Save

5. **Configure DNS** (see docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md)
   - Add 4 A records to Hostinger
   - Add CNAME for www subdomain
   - Wait for DNS propagation (1-24 hours)

6. **Enable HTTPS**
   - GitHub Settings → Pages → Custom Domain
   - Enter: jamwathq.com
   - Enable "Enforce HTTPS"

---

### Backend Deployment (Optional)

1. **Choose Provider**:
   - Railway: https://railway.app/ (Recommended)
   - Render: https://render.com/
   - Heroku: https://heroku.com/

2. **Deploy**:
   - Connect GitHub repository
   - Set root directory to `/backend`
   - Add environment variables from `.env.production.example`
   - Deploy!

3. **Update Frontend**:
   - Update API URLs in frontend JavaScript files
   - Commit and push changes

---

## 📝 What's NOT Included

This Release Version excludes:
- ❌ Development backups
- ❌ Test files
- ❌ Historical markdown documentation
- ❌ Old implementation files
- ❌ Development scripts
- ❌ Database migration files
- ❌ `.env` file (you must create this)

**Why?** To keep the release clean, secure, and deployment-ready.

---

## 🧪 Testing Checklist

After deployment, verify:

### Website Access:
- [ ] https://jamwathq.com loads
- [ ] https://www.jamwathq.com loads
- [ ] HTTPS enforced (green padlock)
- [ ] All pages accessible

### Functionality:
- [ ] Navigation works across all pages
- [ ] "Under Development" popups display correctly
- [ ] Login button visible on all pages
- [ ] Mobile responsive design works

### Security:
- [ ] Security headers present (check DevTools)
- [ ] .env NOT in Git repository
- [ ] OAuth credentials rotated
- [ ] Session cookies properly configured

---

## 📊 File Count

| Category | Count | Size |
|----------|-------|------|
| HTML Pages | 8 | ~2.3 MB |
| JavaScript Files | 15+ | ~500 KB |
| CSS Files | 10+ | ~200 KB |
| Backend Files | 20+ | ~50 KB |
| Documentation | 5 | ~100 KB |
| **Total** | **~58 files** | **~3.2 MB** |

---

## 🆘 Need Help?

### Documentation:
1. `docs/DEPLOYMENT_GITHUB_PAGES.md` - Full deployment guide
2. `docs/DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md` - Step-by-step checklist
3. `docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md` - DNS configuration

### External Resources:
- GitHub Pages: https://docs.github.com/en/pages
- Hostinger Support: https://support.hostinger.com
- Railway Docs: https://docs.railway.app/

### Common Issues:
- **"404 Not Found"**: Wait for DNS propagation (up to 24 hours)
- **"Your connection is not private"**: Enable "Enforce HTTPS" in GitHub Pages settings
- **OAuth redirects fail**: Update redirect URIs in Google/Facebook consoles

---

## 🎯 Success Criteria

Your deployment is successful when:

✅ Website accessible at https://jamwathq.com
✅ HTTPS enforced with valid certificate
✅ All pages load without errors
✅ "Under Development" popups work
✅ Mobile responsive
✅ Security headers present
✅ No .env in Git history

---

## 📞 Production Deployment Support

### Pre-Deployment:
- Review `docs/DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md`
- Follow security actions above
- Test locally before deploying

### During Deployment:
- Follow `docs/DEPLOYMENT_GITHUB_PAGES.md` step-by-step
- Use `docs/HOSTINGER_DNS_SETUP.md` for DNS
- Monitor deployment logs

### Post-Deployment:
- Test all functionality
- Monitor error logs
- Set up uptime monitoring (uptimerobot.com)

---

## 🔄 Version History

| Version | Date | Changes |
|---------|------|---------|
| 1.0.0 | Oct 24, 2025 | Initial production release |

---

## 📄 License

Copyright © 2025 JamWatHQ. All rights reserved.

---

**Ready for deployment! 🚀**

Follow the guides in `docs/` folder for step-by-step instructions.
